All right seek and destroy.
I don't actually solve this one yet but I think I can solve it pretty simply using the hands filtering
includes.
But our objective here is we have a two and a function takes into prompters.
The first one is an array.
The second one is the array.
We want to return the values that are in the first one that are not in the second one as an array.
That's her objective here.
So when we take in two three fives the only value that should be coming back is 1.
We take this very long array and two and three it's going to return one is going to turn five is also
going to return 1 again because it's in there so that's what our objective is here let's go ahead and
jump into it.
All right.
So what I'm going to do as I don't think I even I can I think I can solve this on one line of code.
And so our one is our original input here and we want to do is we want to filter the values out of here.
So take our aliment whatever they may be.
In this case it's numbers and arrows and change.
This should probably number and this should probably be number.
And what are we expecting or in terms of a number.
Imagine that.
So we'll fix that.
And in our element what we want to do is turn all the values that are 9 or 2.
So filter or filter out values are in there.
So now we just sort of put our case as our callback function and once our case.
Well where are two it includes.
We'll check every value in there.
Say includes that element.
So you'll see right now it's returning all the true values.
Well all we do to change that is go ahead and put a false flag on it and now we are done.
We've solved it.
It's not the most efficient one because it's a it's it's a squared solution meaning that we're going.
Well yes it is because we're iterating through all the values now we're iterating through all the values
in our two.
So not exactly squared but there is a better way to solve this where we could essentially create two
objects two maps and.
And.
I mean I guess I'm talking about Meisel do it right.
So that's one solution.
So we can do is create a key value pair here and we've done this a couple other times before where we
were at a function.
Actually I'm going leave it for you guys to do where the other way that we can solve this is we can
write a function that takes this array and creates a key based on these numbers.
And then we check to see if it doesn't have the same property as what's in this object.
If it doesn't we can just add it to an array in return.
It's going to be a much faster solution.
Well I leave that to see if you guys can solve and I have faith that you'll be able to blast pretty
much where and this in our example here we're just filtering out the values that are not in here just
sort of making sure that we know how to use the you know array callback.
It's.